Q1.1
Yes. The topic is about
Q1.2
Yes. The application domain of this report
Q1.3
The introduction section gives an overview of the report from "this report first..." to "...final discussion"

Q2.1
Yes, the data points, features, labels are clearly explained. 
- The data points are
- The features are 
- The label is  

Q3.1
Yes, the description gives the reader a general understanding of the datatset.
- Source of dataset:
- Number of datapoints: 

Q3.2
Yes, the report explains the process of feature selection. 

Q3.3
Yes, the report discusses at least two ML methods, which are 

Q3.4
Yes,  the report clearly states the models (hypothesis spaces) and explain the motivation behind using them for the ML methods. 
- Model 1: . Motivation: 
- Model 2: . Motivation:

Q3.5
Yes, the report clearly specifies the loss functions and explain the motivation behind using them to evaluate the quality of a hypothesis. 
- Loss function: . Motivation: 
- Loss function: . Motivation: 

Q3.6
Yes, the report explicitly discusses all listed requirements. 
- How the training and validation set are constructed:
- The size of each set: 
- The reasons behind the design choice: 

Q4.1
Yes, the report explicitly discusses all listed requirements. 
(1) The training and validation errors:
Train error for 1st model:
Validation error for 1st model: 
Train error for 2nd model:
Validation error for 2nd model: 
(2) Comparison of the training and validation errors:  
(3) Decision on the final chosen method:  

Q4.2
Yes, the report explicitly discusses all listed requirements. 
- How the test set is constructed: 
- Test error of the final chosen ML method: 

Q4.3
Quality of the discussion
(1) Report summary and results interpretation:
(2) Whether the obtained results are optimal or need improvement: 
(3) Future directions on how to further improve the ML method:  

Q5.1
The report format and language is professional and the report is free of typos and incomplete sentences, verified by online grammar tool Grammarly. 

Q5.2
Yes, the code file is submitted as an appendix.

Q6.1
Yes, the report follows the required outline.

Q6.2
I have done some research and I think I have not seen this ML problem before

Q6.3
I chose “1p” in the question above.  

Q6.6
The report is verified by online plagiarism checker that there is no plagiarism. Therefore, I do not suspect any copy-pasting from other sources

Q6.7